# Web Portfolio  
## The Design Process  
Creating my own web portfolio was a fun and interesting challlenge. At the start I knew I wanted to put my own twist and flair on the website as it would be something that represents myself. But I struggled a lot with deciding what that would look like, after looking at a number of online web portfolios I decided I would make something simple, dark, and maybe a little avant-garde if i could. As I moved forward in the process, I liked the color scheme a lot, as I think the crimson red serves as a great attention grabber on the dark background. I'm also happy with my logo , I think it looks pretty sleek. I achieved my goals partially, but I feel like I could have gone further, epecially with more avant-garde aspects of the design. I also struggle with confidence in my designs and I fear that the simplicity I strove for may come off as basic. But overall, I am content with the design, especially with the home page as it seems interesting and a good introduction as it even says hello to you.  
## The Development Process  
An exciting aspect of this assignment for me was it was the first time I got to use bootstrap along with my own custom css. This simplified some steps for me, but helped me learn about what bootstrap is good to use on and what it isn't. Making my navigation and my footer with bootstrap was simple and easy. Things that would normally take me 100 lines of css I was able to get done in a few lines of html. But then I tried to use it on my image grid. Grid is normally pretty easy with bootstrap, but one of my images had to take up multiple rows, which was something I had never done with bootstrap before. After trying for longer than I would like to admit, nesting rows within rows, I gave up and decided to make the image grid with my own css. It took me much less time doing it myself as I am pretty familiar with grid. I am sure there is a way to achieve my image grid with bootstrap, there were many stackoverflow posts that seemed like they could, but I could never quite understand the nesting well enough to achieve it myself. Maybe this is something I could learn in the future.  
The only other major issue I encountered with the coding aspect of this assignment was image sizes. When I was designing the website, I was doing it for a static screen and didn't consider how I would need the images to grow and shrink in between breakpoints, while staying true to the design. It was definitely a major design oversight on my part, but I was able to make it work with cropping my images with object-fit:cover; and some other tweaks to have things resize smoothly.  
## Conclusion  
I learned a lot from this process and I am excited to do it again in the future. I believe I will able to do much better with not only the design process, but making it simple for myself coding it later on as well.  
## Assets
-Font used was Lato which is a google font designed by Łukasz Dziedzic  
-For logo I used the Black Ops One font designed by James Grieshaber and editted by me to create the logo.  
-Social media icons were downloaded from iconfinder.com and editted by me to change the color  
-All other images belong to me, Matthew Fogwill  
  
Thank You